Fix up links in ML folder (#15580)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/how-does-mldotnet-work.md

    var price = predEngine.Predict(size);
```
 

> The `CreatePredictionEngine()` method takes an input class and an output class. The field names and/or code attributes determine the names of the data columns used during model training and prediction. You can read about  [How to make a single prediction](how-to-guides/machine-learning-model-predictions-ml-net.md) in the How-to section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CreatePredictionEngine()` method takes an input class and an output class. The field names and/or code attributes determine the names of the data columns used during model training and prediction. See [Make predictions with a trained model](how-to-guides/machine-learning-model-predictions-ml-net.md) in the How-to guides.
```

Reviewer: LInk text and the target page heading need to align.
